Bib numbers are unique numbers used to identify each runner before, during, and after the race. During the race, the bib number is actually worn by the runner as a unique identifier. In some races like the Boston Marathon, bib numbers are given out in batches and used to organize the waves in which runners start a race. To make the start of a 26,000 person race more organized, the Boston Marathon in 2017 broke the runners into four, color-coded groups. To determine what group (or wave) a runner would be in, the marathon organizers used previously sumbitted qualifying times, as detailed below. (http://registration.baa.org/2017/cf/Public/iframe_EntryLists.cfm)

Red bibs (numbers 101 to 7,700) are assigned to Wave 1 (starting at 10:00 a.m.). White bibs (numbers 8,000 to 15,600) are assigned to Wave 2 (starting at 10:25 a.m.). Blue bibs (numbers 16,000 to 23,600) are assigned to Wave 3 (starting at 10:50 a.m.) Yellow bibs (numbers 24,000 to 32,500) are assigned to Wave 4 (starting at 11:15 a.m.). The break between Wave 1 and Wave 2 is a 3:10:43 marathon qualifying time. The break between Wave 2 and Wave 3 is a 3:29:27 marathon qualifying time. The break between Wave 3 and Wave 4 is a 3:57:18 marathon qualifying time.

The question at hand is can we develop an unsupervised clustering model that accurately identifies these groupings without using the information from the above paragraph? An additional question is can we confirm that the fourth group also includes runners who did not have to qualify for the marathon but instead or running for a charity group.
